---
permalink: /release-notes/
title: "Release Notes"
layout: single
---

# Release Notes
## **2.9.0**

- Added a **"Follow-up"** button that allows you to conveniently iterate on code with ChatGPT.  
  You can now ask for changes to code in the same window where it is generated.
- Lots of new features in the **"Chat with ChatGPT"** window:
  - Formatting
  - Ability to copy or export code
  - Default role of the AI as a Unity developer
  - And more
- **Improved shader generation:**
  - Preview of the generated shader
  - Error detection
  - Follow-up functionality
- Various UI improvements.
- Improvements to the Guiding Prompts.

## **2.8.0**

- **Added Runtime API.**  
  This allows using ChatGPT in shipped games, not just in the Editor.  
  You can use it for things like NPC dialogue, random character names, etc.
- Added an early version of general chat with ChatGPT.  
  Check it out in `Windows > AI Toolbox > Chat with ChatGPT`.

## **2.7.0**

- **NEW:** Create seamlessly tileable textures with DALL路E.  
  Just toggle **"Tileable"** when generating a texture and you'll get an image without visible seams.  
  This is great for textured objects (e.g. a wooden door), terrains (e.g. grass), or backgrounds (e.g. for a game menu), etc.  
  *Check out how it looks!*
- **NEW:** Edit shaders!  
  Now you can edit any code-based shader using ChatGPT.  
  Simply right-click a shader file and select `Edit with ChatGPT > Edit Shader`, describe the modifications, and ChatGPT will do the rest.
- Fixed DALL路E textures sometimes giving errors when saving.
- Various UI improvements.

## **2.6.0**

- Now you can use all OpenAI features for free even after the trial has ended!  
  Check out the API Key settings in `Project Settings > AI Toolbox`.
- **Generate textures using DALL路E:**  
  To create a new texture, go to menu `Create > Texture by DALL路E`, input prompt, get image!
- **Use ChatGPT to create UI Documents!**  
  Go to `Create > UI Toolkit > UI Document by ChatGPT`.
- **Create shaders using ChatGPT:**  
  Go to `Create > Shader > ChatGPT`. Write prompt, get shader.

## **2.5.0**

- Now detecting if the code generated by ChatGPT does not compile.  
  If the code is broken, you can ask ChatGPT to fix it, revert the changes, or accept and edit manually.
- Improved UI handling of very long prompts.
- Renamed the asset from **"ChatGPT Script Generator"**.

## **2.4.0**

- **Improved the Guiding Prompts.**  
  If you added this asset to your project before this update, please reset the Guiding Prompts in the Project Settings for better code generation results.
- Lots of UI and quality of life improvements:
  - Keyboard shortcuts
  - Context menu items on components
  - Accept/reject changes
  - And many more!

## **2.3.0**

- Re-tuned the default guiding prompts to use separate components less frequently.
- Handling code markers (` ``` `) in ChatGPT's output.
- Added **"Save to History"** toggle on the prompt window.
- Fixed per-query temperature slider in the prompt window.
- Added temperature of each query to the history.
- Added the script generation/editing target to history.
- Added per-query timeout option.
- Improved the API status messages on the Demo scene.
- Storing separate prompt cache for adding and editing modes.
- Checking validity of the generated code.
- Added **"How to write prompts"** button in Settings.

---