---
title: "Frequently Asked Questions"
permalink: /faq/
toc: false
---

#### I've got an issue. How can I fix it?
Please have a look at the [Troubleshooting](/troubleshooting/) page of this documentation. If you can't find a solution to your problem there, please [get in touch](/contact-details/).

---

#### How expensive is it to use {{ site.title_short }}?
The cost depends on usage, but generally the API is very cheap ([ChatGPT pricing](https://openai.com/pricing)).
Generating 1000 long scripts with the default settings (*gpt-3.5-turbo* with normal context length) costs about $3. Using *extended context* in *gpt-3.5-turbo* increases the cost to $7. Using *gpt-4* is 30x more expensive, ~$90 for 1000 long scripts.
There's also a free option with the proxy server, although there's occasional times when that is down.
Using [Google Bard](/bard-set-up/) has similar or lower costs than OpenAI, and it is just as powerful.

---

#### What can I ask in my prompt?
You can ask {{ site.title_short }} to build a C# script for you. In some cases, depending on your request, the resulting scripts will be complemented with calling the additional Unity's components, e.g. when asking to make buttons for a menu, most likely ChatGPT will add the Canvas Component as well. To get a better outcome from the AI generated scripts, please have a look at this page for more details: [How To Write Prompts](/how-to-write-prompts/).

---

#### What kind of scripts does {{ site.title_short }} generate?
{{ site.title_short }} can generate runtime components (`MonoBehaviours`), shaders and UI Toolkit layouts so far (plus images / textures). We're always working on expanding the capabilities of the tool, so stay tuned for more!

---

#### Is {{ site.title_short }} aware of what is in my project? Can it use the API of the frameworks I'm using?
We've experimented with summarizing the files in the project and including the scripts from the project, but found that it often throws ChatGPT off, making it use unrelated API in generated scripts. So currently we're not passing frameworks or scripts included in the project to AI.

However, ChatGPT handles popular frameworks pretty well. For example, if you mention in your prompt that you're using Corgi Engine, it should use the API of that.

Additionally, if there is a particular script you know it should use, you can attach it for context in the freeform chat window.

---

#### We are gathering the most asked questions now.
Please [get it touch](/contact-details/) if you have a question.
