---
title: "Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)"
permalink: /faqs/
excerpt: "Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)"
toc: false
---

#### I've got an issue. How can I fix it?
> Please have a look at the [Troubleshooting](/troubleshooting/) page of this documentation. If you can't find a solution to your problem there, please [get in touch](/contact-details/).

#### Why my prompt is not working (well)?
> You can ask anything you like, but please keep it clean and appropriate. The more specific you are the better the results will be. ChatGPT will output better results for the simpler but specific prompt. Please remember that specific doesn't mean short. It will work the best if you describe your request with at least several sentences covering all nuances of your request. It is advised that you use less pronouns like 'it' or 'they' and more nouns like 'the given model' or 'the character'. Please have a look at this page for more details: [How To Write Prompts](/how-to-write-prompts/).

#### My generated script is not working (has errors, can't compile).
> Most likely, you didn't phrase your request in a way ChatGPT artificial intelligence could understand. Please try to be more specific and detailed. If you are not sure how to phrase your request, please look at the frequently asked question above. Please be aware that ChatGPT, being an AI model, **may sometimes generate scripts that cannot be compiled** and will show errors in the Unity Console. While we strive to improve the accuracy and functionality of the generated scripts, we have no direct control over the AI's output.

#### What can I ask in my prompt?
> You can ask ChatGPT Script Generator to build a C# script for you. In some cases, depending on your request, the resulting scripts will be complemented with calling the additional Unity's components, e.g, when asking to make buttons for a menu, most likely ChatGPT will add the Canvas Component as well. To get a better outcome from the AI generated scripts, please have a look at this page for more details: [How To Write Prompts](/how-to-write-prompts/).

#### What kind of scripts does ChatGPT Script Generator generate?
> ChatGPT Script Generator can generate runtime components (`MonoBehaviours`) so far. Stay tuned for the updates.

#### We are gathering the most asked questions now.
> Please [get it touch](/contact-details/) if you have a question.
