---
title: "Troubleshooting"
permalink: /troubleshooting/
excerpt: "Troubleshooting"
toc: false
---

#### I am getting a `HTTP/1.1 400 Bad Request` error
- This is most likely due to some temporary outage on the OpenAI server side. Please try generating the script again later.
- Sometimes this happens if you feed the AI a prompt that is too long or too complex. To test whether it is the case, please try giving it a simple prompt like 'Print Hello World'. If it works, then the issue is related to the invalidity of the prompt.
- If you are still getting this issue, please [get in touch](/contact-details/).

---

#### OpenAI API free trial has ended or inactive
There are multiple ways to deal with this:
- The best (and very cheap) way to fix this is to get a paid OpenAI API key. We try to emphasize how cheap ChatGPT API is. With default settings it costs about $3 to generate 1000 scripts. That means that most our users spend less than $1 per month, actively using this asset.
- If that is not an option for you, and the trial period has ended on *all OpenAI accounts you've created*, we've added an option to use a free API server. Please check out {{ site.title_short }} settings for instructions.
- Another great option is using *Google Bard* as the AI backend instead of ChatGPT. *Google Cloud* has a very generous sign-up bonus which is enough to generate millions of scripts. *Google Bard* also does very well generating Unity scripts.

---

#### I am getting a **Timeout** issue
- Unfortunately we can't control how long it takes for the ChatGPT to complete the response, but we've added a [Timeout setting](/getting-started/#general-settings), increasing it may help you solve this issue. It can be configured in the project settings (Edit ▶︎ Project Settings ▶︎ {{ site.title_short }}). Sometimes this happens, due to some kind of outage on the server side. If you are getting a Timeout error, please try generating the script again later.
- If you are located in **China**, it may relate to the issue. Below is an excerpt from the [Yahoo! Finance](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/chinas-ban-openais-chatgpt-likely-135040587.html){:target="_blank"} article:
`China ordered local apps and websites to terminate services that allow OpenAI’s ChatGPT service, cooling down the rally in Chinese artificial intelligence stocks.`
- You may want to try using a **Use Proxy Server** option of {{ site.title_short }}. Please check [this paragraph](/getting-started/#openai-api-key) for more details.
- There may be other unforeseeable reasons for this issue due to the OpenAI's nature. Please [get in touch](/contact-details/) and we'll try to figure them out together.

---

#### My prompt is not working (well)
You can ask anything you like, but keep it clean and appropriate. The more specific you are the better the results will be. ChatGPT will output better results for the simpler but specific prompt. Please remember that specific doesn't mean short. It will work the best if you describe your request with at least several sentences covering all nuances of your request. It is advised that you use less pronouns like 'it' or 'they' and more nouns like 'the given model' or 'the character'. Please have a look at this page for more details: [How To Write Prompts](/how-to-write-prompts/).

---

#### My generated script is not working (has errors, can't compile)
Most likely, you didn't phrase your request in a way ChatGPT artificial intelligence could understand. Try to be more specific and detailed. If you are not sure how to phrase your request, please look at the [How To Write Prompts](/how-to-write-prompts) page. Please be aware that ChatGPT, being an AI model, **may sometimes generate scripts that cannot be compiled** and will show errors in the Unity Console. While we strive to improve the accuracy and functionality of the generated scripts, we have no direct control over the AI's output. A few things to try:
- When the script generation is complete and there are any errors, you should see the button **Ask ChatGPT to Fix It** in the bottom of the script generation box. [Read more](/getting-started/#editing-the-script-th-chatgpt-prompt-window)
- Alternatively, press **Revert and Edit Prompt** in the same script generation box and try to rephrase your quest. [Read more](/getting-started/#editing-the-script-with-chatgpt-prompt-window)
- Try generating the code in the web version of ChatGPT in your browser. If the script is generated correctly there, it means that the issue is related to the Unity integration of {{ site.title_short }}. Please [get in touch](/contact-details/) and include the detailed description of the issue.

---

#### After importing, {{ site.title_short }} gives errors
There may be several reasons for this. Please try the following:
- **Re-import {{ site.title_short }}**. Right-click on Assets/{{ site.title_short }}) folder and select **Reimport**. This will re-import all the files from the package. You also may want to delete the **{{ site.title_short }})** folder from the Assets folder and re-import the package again. Sometimes cleaning the cache before re-importing the package from the Package Manager may help. The cache can be found here:
  - Windows: `%APPDATA%\Unity\Asset Store-5.x` (It's a hidden folder. Press `Win+R` and paste the path)
  - Mac OS: `~/Library/Unity/Asset Store-5.x` (press `Shift+Cmd+G` in Finder and paste this path)
- Check if you have the latest version of {{ site.title_short }}). You can check it in the Package Manager.
- Verify that the Unity version meets the [requirements](https://u3d.as/334o?aid=1101lHzQ){:target="_blank"}.
- Make sure that you are not using a **beta** release of Unity.
- If nothing helps, please [get it touch](/contact-details/) and include the detailed description of the issue.
