---
title: "Set up Google Bard"
permalink: /bard-set-up/
excerpt: "How to make AI Toolbox work with Google Bard"
---

*Bard* is a conversational generative artificial intelligence chatbot developed by Google, based on the PaLM 2 Large Language Model.

*Vertex AI* a unified AI platform that offers all of *Google Сloud* services under one roof. Among other things, it allows accessing Bard.

In the context of {{ site.title_short }}, we use "Bard" to refer both to the chatbot and the Vertex AI service.

To use Bard, you need to do the following:

1. Create and configure a Google Cloud project
1. Configure Bard in Unity

Let's go through these steps in detail.

## Set up a Google Cloud project

First, you need to create a *Google Cloud project* and enable the *Vertex AI API*. If you already have a project, you can skip the first three steps.

1. Go to [Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com/) and click **Get started for free** or **Start free**.
1. Follow the instructions to specify a Google account and set up a billing account.
1. Go to the [Google Cloud Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/) and click on **My First Project**, which has been automatically created for you.
1. Copy the **Project ID** from the *Project info* section. In Unity, open *Project Settings > {{ site.title_short }}* and paste the ID into the **Project ID** field in the *Google Bard* section.
1. Enable *Vertex AI API*:
   1. Go to the [APIs & Services](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/dashboard) page.
   1. Click **Enable APIs and Services**.
   1. Search for *Vertex AI API*, select it, and click **Enable**.

## Set up access to the project

Now you need to set up access to the project from your Unity Editor.

1. Install the [Google Cloud SDK](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install) on your development machine. Follow the instructions for your operating system.
1. *If you are using MacOS*, paste the SDK installation path in Unity. Open *Project Settings > {{ site.title_short }}* and provide the Google Cloud SDK path into the **SDK Path** field in the *Google Bard* section. If you are not sure what the path is, simply click **Find SDK Path**.
1. In Unity, open *Project Settings > {{ site.title_short }}* and click **Login Google Cloud SDK**. This will open a browser window where you need to log in to your Google account and grant access to the SDK.
1. On the same Settings page, click **Login Google Auth Library**. This will open a browser window where you need to log in to your Google account and grant access to the library.
1. Click **Get Access Token**. This will automatically fill in the **Access Token** field.
   - You will need to repeat this step every time the access token expires, which happens every hour.
1. Lastly, click **Test connection**. If everything is set up correctly, you will see a message with a greeting from Bard.

{{ site.title_short }} does not access or store your Google or Google Cloud credentials. They are stored in the *Google Cloud SDK* and *Google Auth Library*.
{:.notice--info}

**Done!** You can now use Bard in your project.

For now, Bard is only available the freeform chat window. We are working on adding support for the code generation.
{:.notice--info}
