---
title: "How To Write Prompts"
permalink: /how-to-write-prompts/
excerpt: "How To Write Prompts"
toc: false
---

Here we condensed some useful bits of advice on how to write better prompts for ChatGPT Script Generator with more predicted and fitting outcome.
You can get decent and perfectly working results if you know what to ask from ChatGPT, how well articulated your phrasing is and how specific you are.

Below you can find a few good articles and videos that shed some light on the topic. Thay are not exactly tailored for Unity, but you can get familiar with some of best practices and tips on how to write better prompts and iterate them.

### Articles

[Best Practices for Prompt Engineering with OpenAI API](https://help.openai.com/en/articles/6654000-best-practices-for-prompt-engineering-with-openai-api){:target="_blank"}

[How and Why to Use ChatGPT to Generate Code Snippets](https://www.griproom.com/fun/how-and-why-to-use-chat-gpt-to-generate-code-snippets){:target="_blank"}

### Videos

[Creating a Space Game with OpenAI Codex](https://youtu.be/Zm9B-DvwOgw){:target="_blank"}

## Our tips

#### **Be specific**
We can't stress this enough. The more specific you are, the better the results will be.
This doesn't mean you need to describe every single detail of your game, but you should include inforormation about every aspect of your game that you want to be included in the script.

- Less effective:

I want a script for a game where you play as a wizard.
{:.text-red-500}

- Better:

A character controller in a 3D action RPG game. The character can move based on user input, jump, and attack. The character can also be damaged by enemies and die. The character can also pick up items and use them.
{:.text-green-500}

#### **Use proper grammar and punctuation**
This is a very important aspect of writing a good prompt. The more grammatically correct and punctuated your prompt is, the better the results will be.

Spelling mistakes and typos will also affect the results, so make sure to proofread your prompt or use a spell checker.

Specifically, you should use proper capitalization and punctuation. For example, you should **capitalize the first letter of every sentence and use periods at the end of every sentence**.

Each prompt should be a **complete sentence**. This means that you should use a period at the end of every sentence.
{:.notice--warning}

- Less effective:

script that moves a game object from left to right over 5 seconds on the x axis and the object is a cube
{:.text-red-500}

- Better:

Script that smoothly moves a GameObject, represented by a cube, from left to right over a 5-second duration, along the X-axis.
{:.text-green-500}
